[IMP] accounting/l10n_ec: point of sale invoicing (#8962)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/ecuador.rst

- Automatically generate a valid electronic invoice for Ecuador at the end of the checkout process.

Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Payment method
**************

To set a payment method for a point of sale, go to :menuselection:`POS --> Configuration --> Payment
Methods --> Set SRI Payment Method`. Set the :guilabel:`SRI Payment Method` in the payment method
for each point of sale.

QR code POS receipt
*******************

To activate the functionality of a QR code on the POS receipt, navigate to :menuselection:`POS -->
Configuration --> Settings` to find the :guilabel:`Activate QR Code` option.

Enabling this allows the client to scan the code and access the invoice from the POS order from the
Odoo portal.

.. note::
   If the client requests a credit note due to a return of this type of purchase, the credit note
   and return process can be managed directly from the POS session.

Invoicing flows
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Type and identification number
******************************

The POS cashier will be able to create a new contact for a customer who requests an invoice from the
sale. For this process, two new fields have been added to the contact creation form. Type of

> identification and identification number.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion @LoredanaLrpz . Identificación type is the field called 'Tax ID'. We can implement the following:

The POS cashier will be able to create a new contact for a customer who requests an invoice from an open session. Please refer to this documentation.

.. documentation: https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/applications/sales/point_of_sale.html#set-customers

The *Ecuadorian Module for Point of Sale* adds two new fields to the contact creation form: :guilabel:`Identification Type` and :guilabel:`Tax ID`.

@samueljlieber let me know if my comment is clear :)

.. note::
   A verification exists to verify that the identification number filled has the correct length. For
   RUC identification, 13 digits are required. For Cédula, 9 digits are required. When the

>    configurations are all set, this feature will cover the next invoicing flows.

Reviewer: A verification exists to verify sounds weird to me; you also mention a feature: do you mean a feature checks the identification number length? 
Also, I get that Cédula and RUC are mentioned as examples? It looks like a very short list. Or maybe the verification feature only covers these two?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the identification number length differs depending on the identification type, Odoo automatically checks the :guilabel:`Tax ID` field upon saving the customer form. To manually ensure the length is correct, know that the :guilabel:`RUC` and :guilabel:`Citizenship` types require 13 and 10 digits respectively.

```

Electronic invoice: anonymous end consumer
******************************************

> When clients do not request an electronic invoice for their purchase, Odoo automatically selects the
> contact for the order as the *Consumidor Final* and generates an electronic invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When clients do not request an electronic invoice for their purchase, Odoo automatically sets the
customer as :guilabel:`Consumidor Final` and generates an electronic invoice anyway.
```

.. note::
   If the client requests a credit note due to a return of this type of purchase, the credit note
   should be made using the client's real contact information. Credit notes cannot be created to
   *Consumidor Final*, and can be managed directly from the POS session.

Electronic invoice: specific customer
*************************************

> If a customer requests an invoice during the sales, it is possible to select or create the required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a customer requests an invoice during the sales, it is possible to select or create a
```

> contact with their fiscal information so the invoice can be created with the desired customer
> information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contact with their fiscal information. This ensures the invoice is generated with accurate customer details.
```
